The hardware selection for the ADCS is more simplified than that of the reaction wheel

The required components are a MCU to receive data from sensors and send control signals to the motors, and a Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) featuring a gyroscope and accelerometer for full 6 axis control.
The addition of a 3 axis magnetometer could be considered for further orientation data (especially if magnetorquers are added) but is not strictly necessary for the reaction wheels.
Of course due to the nature of the application, the smaller the footprint and power requirement of the controller, the better

MCU:
Teensy 4.0

The MCU used must be relatively low power (nothing crazy like a raspberry pi 5) and must be able to perform sensor fusion calculations and process the attitude using quaternions, control system... etc
IN REAL TIME. Active stabilization or tracking requires that the control hardware is able to receive an input, calculate the current attitude and generate a control signal without significant delay.

The Teensy 4.0 MCU features an ARM Cortex-M7 at 600Mhz, with ARM's Float Point Math Unit built in. The combination of the incredibly high clockspeed and the FPU allow the processor to perform these 
real-time calculations without any issue and allows for extra room for any further development. (E.g. using quarternions, adaptive/redundant control)

The Teensy itself is very compact, even for a microcontroller, and its incredible power allows it to make use of a real time operating system. The 4.0 model offers 2MByte of flash (plenty of memory)
and enough IO to comfortably interface with the motors, hall encoders and IMU, with enough extra pins to interface with the main CubeSat electronics and another sensor.

It can be programmed in C++ with tools like the ArduinoIDE or PlatformIO, which in turn allows it access to sensor libraries, further simplifying the development of the ADCS without constraining it
to any specific function.

Though more expensive than most MCU, like Arduino models or some STM32 boards, the Teensy is still pretty affordable for such a high performance MCU

IMU:
ISM330DHCX

The requirements for the IMU at minimum are to feature a 3 axis gyroscope and a 3 axis accelerometer for a full 6 axis. The gyroscope measures angular velocity in the 3 axis, the accelerometer 
measures linear acceleration. An angle can be determined from both sensors, however gyroscopes are prone to drift, which overtime introduces a large error, making the system unstable.
On the other hand acclerometers have a relatively low drift, but produce very noisy outputs, giving unstable control. The data from each of these sensors can be combined using sensor fusion,
in order to take advantage of the low drift of the accelerometer and accurate angle of the gyroscope, producing a stable output. This will be obtained using a filter (most likely a Kalman Filter).

An ideal IMU will limit Gyro Bias Instability (the drift of the gyroscope), Gyro Noise Density and Accel Noise Density. A good IMU will also have good temperature stability and max ODR (response rate).
The ISM330DHCX offers:
~3 °/hr Gyro Bias Instability - This is excellent, most off the shelf IMUs are ~15–20 °/hr     * Needs citation
~0.0038 °/s/√Hz Gyro Noise Density - Also quite good compared to similar IMUs
~60 µg/√Hz Accel Noise Density - Roughly half compared to similar IMUs
6.6kHz Max ODR (Gyro) - Fast, good for Real Time OS
±125 to ±4000 °/s, ±2g to ±16g Full scale range

With no sensor fusion - good for original filter design
3V3 logic interface
SPI serial interface - Ideal for space applications * Citiation
Embedded temperature sensor, self test and temperature compensation
High shock survivabilty

+ Additional Component
Logic Level Converter:
Sparkfun BOB-12009

Since the Teensy 4.0 operates on a 3V3 logic for all of its input and output pins, a logic level converter is needed to convert the pwm signal going from the Teensy from 3V3 to 5V at the input of the ESC.
This model is cheap, offers 3V3 to 5V (and 5v to 3V3 if needed) conversion and has a very small footprint. It can also be powered from 5V or directly from the 2S supply.
